HOME

Business Web Site

Home Blog About Us Contacts

Create & Inspire
Endless Possibilities

Burj Khalifa
WORLD'S TALLEST SKYSCRAPER

our services

Design 

Design is the creation of a plan or convention for the construction of an object, system or measurable human interaction (as in architectural blueprints, engineering drawings, business processes, circuit diagrams, and sewing patterns).Design has different connotations in different fields (see design disciplines below).

Institution

Institutions are "stable, valued, recurring patterns of behavior". As structures or mechanisms of social order, they govern the behaviour of a set of individuals within a given community. Institutions are identified with a social purpose, transcending individuals and intentions by mediating the rules that govern living behavior.

Money

Money is any item or verifiable record that is generally accepted as payment for goods and services and repayment of debts in a particular country or socio-economic context, or is easily converted to such a form.[citation needed] The main functions of money are distinguished as: a medium of exchange; a unit of account; a store of value; and, sometimes.

our partners

Microsoft Corporation (commonly referred to as Microsoft or MS) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems.

As a recognized leader in the specialty construction industry, Eco home construction delivers turnkey solutions that integrate technology, engineering, and construction. We provide specialty contracting services through our construction companies, and state-of-the-art proprietary products and engineering support services through STRUCTURAL TECHNOLOGIES.


The Hewlett-Packard Company (commonly referred to as HP) or shortened to Hewlett-Packard (hew-lit pack-erd) was an American multinational information technology company headquartered in Palo Alto, California. It developed and provided a wide variety of hardware components as well as software and related services to consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Blog

Information Technology

Information technology (IT) is the application of computers to store, study, retrieve, transmit, and manipulate data, or information, often in the context of a business or other enterprise. IT is considered a subset of information and communications technology (ICT). In 2012, Zuppo proposed an ICT hierarchy where each hierarchy level "contain[s] some degree of commonality in that they are related to technologies that facilitate the transfer of information and various types of electronically mediated communications."

Building in the Future

Because they are designed modularly, buildings of the future are easily reconfigured and upgraded to accommodate various needs, adapt to changing conditions and improve the performance of the building itself. Building envelopes (including walls, floors, ceilings and windows) embrace responsive and dynamic materials to provide complex functions such as generating energy, collecting water, controlling light, regulating indoor temperature, or filtering air, resulting in zero greenhouse gas emissions over the building’s service life. Building components have smart, adaptive, highly efficient and integrated systems that are easier to connect, update, grow and adapt.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

About us

The top part of the Chattanooga Renaissance Fund is to entice investors and entrepreneurs into looking at the Chattanooga, Tennessee, area by quickly mentioning its rich history and the companies currently located in the region, like Amazon and Volkswagen.

As you scroll you down, you can discover information about members of their team, followed by an option for either Startups, Investors, or Third Parties to continue exploring the site in their devoted sections.

Projects Design Customers Awards
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Contacts
Santo Cristo, Rio de Janeiro - State of Rio de Janeiro, 20220-260, Brazil

Working hours:

10:00 - 20:00 (Monday - Friday)
09:00 - 18:00 (Saturday è Sunday)

Phone number:

011 55 21 5555 5555